hey guys this is Brittany ake a
beautiful husky and here's my little
zeusie pet Dakota I got him for Easter
and also let's see I got a leash for
Easter for my dog's a big one I'm a
chocolate bunny a little Cadbury egg
slushy bunny and it does this it's
supposed to be a chicken laying an egg
if you've never had those little Cadbury
eggs are so good until I ate it can't
work on all right and also I got clothes
jewelry all that okay now I want to show
you my little pony's collection it's not
much but it soon will be in sorry guys
if you hear some sound in the background
it's Hercules
I'm watching the run
Wow okay look haha
alright let me show you ponies I got the
little gift set thing this I got the
gift set I know they're not in an I'll
show them to you
so I'd show you this there's Princess
Celestia ha nice effects there Hercules
um but yeah I mean she's really pretty
but I don't know why they you know she's
white but they don't make her wife but
hey I mean it looks like her it really
does just the colors a little off Sam I
mean look there she is on the package I
mean it looks like her just not right
Fanny face alright then
my favorite Pony Pinkie Pie I love
Pinkie Pie and she looks like her a lot
- it's just like her actually I'm amazed
here's Applejack just miss your little
cowboy hat don't know why they don't
give her that oh well it still looks
like her
here she is on the box
I mean it looks like a just consider low
hex microwave
there's Twilight Sparkle's looks just
like her to keep striking her hair in
her tail she mark looks good and last
but not least her little pet baby dragon
spike he's so cute it looks like him too
seen they all look pretty good just some
are little don't look like old and then
I got some little mini there's Twilight
Sparkle Pinkie Pie sorry pinkie rarity
and there is a Rainbow Dash Applejack
and Fluttershy I couldn't find them
where I found these guys so I had to
look around some more for them don't
worry all right
I've got little Fluttershy so cute came
with a little bunny I mean it looks
really good it looks like her very nice
like the pink hair very soft it came
with this will come and now I've got
some old ones now this is my only old
one I think they're so cute
I don't know her name but she was made
in 1987 and I want one in 1982 because
that was when it first came out her mane
and tail are all in good condition
body's in good condition no marks or
scruffs on her the good condition couple
of these are from McDonald's
this is minty I don't know what year she
was from McDonald's Mane's on good
condition this one but I don't know her
name she has a little flower teamwork on
it
and her mains in your condition -
anywheres good condition good condition
awesome awesome
so there will soon be more yep and don't
worry I still collect pesky stuff I've
just not be able to find anything that I
don't have yeah that's bad isn't it
not even on eBay alright I'll be looking
out for more stuff though for Huskies
and my little ponies I love this show I
mean I didn't think it'd be good no
offense to anybody but I mean it's
amazing I love that show alright guys
thanks for watching bye